README.md, before:

# AI_Assessor

### About
This project is part of a [collaborative effort](https://www.datakind.org/blog/applying-ai-to-societal-challenges-in-us-cities-datakind-microsoft-launch-ai-accelerator) between DataKind and Microsoft to accelerate the use of AI in cities. In this project, we implement predictive models to evaluate the influence of vacancy on property value and tax revenue.

### Software
The majority of this project is written in `R`.

### Data
Data for this project comes from the City of St. Louis [Open Data website](https://www.stlouis-mo.gov/data/).

### Architecture
The project is structured as follows:
```
├── data
├── model
├── report
└── visualize
```

### Contributions
TODO: Add contributions

### License
TODO: Add license

### Infrastructure
- R will serve as the primary language in the development of this project.
- Need to pick a ML library still
- Docker container built from a Rocker image (Deployed to Azure pending credit allotment)

### Architecture

Commit message:

Adding reference to the Contribution Workflow

README.md, after:

# AI_Assessor

### About
This project is part of a [collaborative effort](https://www.datakind.org/blog/applying-ai-to-societal-challenges-in-us-cities-datakind-microsoft-launch-ai-accelerator) between DataKind and Microsoft to accelerate the use of AI in cities. In this project, we implement predictive models to evaluate the influence of vacancy on property value and tax revenue.

### Participating
Please read the [contribution workflow](https://github.com/stlrda/AI_Assessor/wiki/Contribution-Workflow) page in the wiki for an explanation of how we will be using this repository.

### Software
The majority of this project is written in `R`.

### Data
Data for this project comes from the City of St. Louis [Open Data website](https://www.stlouis-mo.gov/data/).

### Architecture
The project is structured as follows:
```
├── data
├── model
├── report
└── visualize
```

### Contributions
TODO: Add contributions

### License
TODO: Add license

### Infrastructure
- R will serve as the primary language in the development of this project.
- Need to pick a ML library still
- Docker container built from a Rocker image (Deployed to Azure pending credit allotment)

### Architecture
